capital = 278

oob = "ARG_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "ARG_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "ARG_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

recruit_character = ARG_agustín_pedro_justo
recruit_character = ARG_nimo_de_anquín
recruit_character = ARG_marcelo_t_de_alvear
recruit_character = ARG_fanny_edelman
recruit_character = ARG_arturo_rawson
recruit_character = ARG_juan_pistarini
recruit_character = ARG_alberto_teisaire
recruit_character = ARG_uribaldi_diaz_brittenberg
recruit_character = ARG_agustin_pedro_justo
recruit_character = ARG_edelmiro_farrell
recruit_character = ARG_francisco_m_velez
recruit_character = ARG_jose_tamborni
recruit_character = ARG_manuel_a_rodriguez
recruit_character = ARG_hortensio_quijano
recruit_character = ARG_pedro_s_casal
recruit_character = ARG_antonio_parodi
recruit_character = ARG_pedro_pablo_ramirez
recruit_character = ARG_heriberto_la_galine
recruit_character = ARG_thomas_martinez
recruit_character = ARG_eleazar_videla
recruit_character = ARG_manuel_maria_de_iriondo
recruit_character = ARG_ramon_castillo
recruit_character = ARG_luis_podesta_costa
recruit_character = ARG_senor_hitler


set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine

set_convoys = 120
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1931.11.8"
	election_frequency = 72
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 5
	fascism = 5
	communism = 12
	neutrality = 78
}