capital = 327

oob = "PHI_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

recruit_character = PHI_manuel_luis_quezón
recruit_character = PHI_pedro_p_baguisa
recruit_character = PHI_deodato_jacinto
recruit_character = PHI_hermano_jacinto
recruit_character = PHI_pelagio_cruz
recruit_character = PHI_jose_v_andrada
recruit_character = PHI_leoncio_s_tan
recruit_character = PHI_benito_n_ebuen
recruit_character = PHI_basilio_fernando
recruit_character = PHI_basilio_j_valdez
recruit_character = PHI_santiago_nuval
recruit_character = PHI_heraclio_alano
recruit_character = PHI_ramon_a_alcaraz
recruit_character = PHI_victor_h_dizon
recruit_character = PHI_edwin_andrews
recruit_character = PHI_eustacio_orobia
recruit_character = PHI_vicente_p_lim
recruit_character = PHI_emilio_aguinaldo
recruit_character = PHI_juan_sumulong
recruit_character = PHI_sergio_osmena

add_ideas = {
	political_corruption
}

USA_roaring_twenties_variables = yes
add_dynamic_modifier = {
    modifier = USA_roaring_twenties
    scope = PHI
}

USA_new_deal_variables = yes

#doesnt have elections until 1935 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_elections_in_the_Philippines#

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1895.12.10"
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 61
	democratic = 39
}
